So, with the military, your job is your life. You're in the military for
twenty four hours. even on your weekends. So, as long as you, you
know, encompass this fact, you know, make that a part of your being,
then you understand why it is that at night time, you might still
be working on some kind of project. So, for instance, if you're, maybe
E1 through E6, you have your normal work day and then you might be
called back in sometimes to make sure that a night event can go on
as required and nobody ever has a problem with that but usually, for
E1 through E6, they have a full-time job. When we're on deployment,
which means that we're out there fighting the war, then they're called
all the time. When you're back home and you have your family life,
you're expected to go home every single night, then it's, it can
be a little bit tricky, trying to balance both of them. Your civilian
life is, it can be really tough.